Update TURN server documentation (#6054)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/TURN.md

#### 6. Testing the TURN server

##### Test if the TURN server is accessible from outside

Install coturn on your client:

   ````
   sudo apt install coturn
   ````

Run: `turnutils_uclient -p <port> -T -W <static-auth-secret> turn.example.com`

The output should look similar to:

    0: IPv4. Connected from: 192.168.0.2:50988
    0: IPv4. Connected to: 1.2.3.4:3478
    0: allocate sent
    0: allocate response received:
    0: allocate sent
    0: allocate response received:
    0: success
    0: IPv4. Received relay addr: 1.2.3.4:56365
    ....
    4: Total transmit time is 4
    4: Total lost packets 0 (0.000000%), total send dropped 0 (0.000000%)
    4: Average round trip delay 32.500000 ms; min = 15 ms, max = 56 ms
    4: Average jitter 12.600000 ms; min = 0 ms, max = 41 ms

> Further you should see in the TURN sever log the succesfull connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further you should see in the TURN server log the successful connection.
```
